
What should we have done better?
a) The planning workload on developers significantly slowed down the delivery speed.
b) Poor long-term planning and being overly optimistic about what could be delivered.
c) Underestimating resources required for work.
d) Lack of Product Owner (PO) involvement in projects other than Lundin.
e) Unclear ownership and responsibilities of projects.
f) Not considering technical suggestions like iWAT & PaaS, resulting in more work for developers.
g) PaaS migration deadline change caused additional work for developers.

What should we have done better?
a) Improve communication.
B) Increase automation, especially frequent end-to-end tests.

Better Resource Coordination:
Instead of having weekly resource coordination meetings, consider having sprint pre-planning meetings to agree on resources allocation.

Address the problem of multiple sources of task by better planning and coordination.

Clearly define the line between support bugs and code change tasks.

Choose issue based on capability and estimation, and conduct backlog grooming meetings.

Reduce  working days to 14, with one day dedicated to review, retrospective, and planning.

Balance Workload Among Team Members:
Conduct backlog grooming meetings during the  to balance the workload among team members.

Break Down issues Better:
Improve task breakdown and estimation to avoid scope growth, as seen in Alex's case.

Unresolved :
a) Developer absence as a reviewer was not discussed with Devops team
b) Integration tests and the need 
c) Who owns the updates channel?
d) Deployments need to be better managed.

Network Problems:
Determine whether network problem fall under support or devops responsibilities.

Namespace Access, and general devops platforms



Code Quality and Client-Related Code:
Improve code quality by involving DevOps to modify processes. Address political issues.

Automated Testing:
Consider involving an independent tester for automated tests.

Re-Estimation During the iteration:
Actively think about re-estimation during the sprint and break down work into smaller, independent chunks.

Merge Request Approval:
Ensure proper processes for merge request approval to avoid delays and obstacles.

Permission and Limited Access:
Streamline permission processes and access limitations, as they are currently hindering the development and security processes.

Development in DevOps:
Minimize development tasks in DevOps and focus on appropriate responsibilities.

Migration Process:
Improve cooperation and communication during the migration process.


avarage size of tickets per assignee


more involvment from product owner. communication with client is terrible. we need product owner to define requrements. not defined properly by Product Owner


still problem with devops team. make our claster stable. 

